Add sort modifiers (#17)
JARMourato/Kodable: README.md

- `trimmed` : Applies `trimmingCharacters(in: .whitespacesAndNewlines)` to the value decoded
- `trimmedNifIfEmpty` : Applies `trimmingCharacters(in: .whitespacesAndNewlines)` to the value decoded, returns nif if empty

**Sorting**

> The basic sorting can be done using
> - `sorted(using: Comparator)` : Sorts the elements of an array is a _Comparator_ closure that determines whether the items are in increasing order
> 
> When the type is `Comparable`
> - `ascending` : Sorts the elements of an array in ascending order
> - `descending` : Sorts the elements of an array in descending order
> 
> When the type is *not* but one of its elements are `Comparable`
> - `ascending(by: KeyPath)` : Sorts the elements of an array in ascending order, based on the _KeyPath_ property
> - `descending(by: KeyPath)` : Sorts the elements of an array in descending order, based on the _KeyPath_ property

Reviewer: Let's invert the order of these sections to go from the most specific to the least specific use case 🙏 I'll also go and fix a few typos/grammar issues I found along the way :)

```suggestion
When the type conforms to the `Comparable` protocol:

- `ascending` or `descending`: Sorts the elements of an array in ascending (or descending) order, using the type's underlying comparison function.

When the type doesn't conform to the `Comparable` protocol, but one of its properties does:

- `ascending(by: KeyPath)` or `descending(by: KeyPath)`: Sorts the elements of an array in ascending (or descending) order, based on the _KeyPath_ property passed.

If there's no conformance to `Comparable` at all, you can resort to basic sorting functionality:
- `sorted(using: Comparator)`: Sorts the elements of an array using a _Comparator_ closure that determines whether the items are in increasing order. In Swifty words: `func < (lhs: Value.Element, rhs: Value.Element) -> Bool`
```

Reviewer: I know, that is not related to my comment ☝️  though… But nvm, all good here :)
